id	type	text_en	options_en
1	BOOL_P	Do you adhere to the NIST Digital Guidelines?	 
2	BOOL_P	Do only authorized personnel have password access to computer devices?	 
3	BOOL_P	Do you require users adopt secure password standards (NIST) and then enforce them?	 
4	BOOL_P	Are passwords updated every three months?	 
5	BOOL_P	Do administrators have separate accounts for network management?	 
6	BOOL_P	Are passwords changed frequently and as soon as possible when a privileged user leaves or changed job?	 
7	BOOL_P	Do you require for users to sign a statement to keep personal secret authentication information confidential (may be included in the terms and conditions of employment)?	 
8	BOOL_P	Do you have established procedures to verify the identity of a user prior to providing new, replacement or temporary secret authentication information?	 
9	BOOL_P	Do you ensure that temporary secret authentication information is unique to an individual and is not guessable?	 
10	BOOL_P	Do users avoid keeping a record of secret authentication information unless it can be stored securely and the method of storing has been approved?	 
11	BOOL_P	Do users change their secret authentication information whenever there is an indication of compromise?	 
12	BOOL_P	Do users avoid sharing their individual user’s secret authentication information?	 
13	BOOL_P	Do users avoid using the same secret authentication information for business and non-business purposes?	 
14	BOOL_P	Does your log-on procedure avoid displaying a password being entered?	 
15	BOOL_P	Does your password management system allow users to select and change their own passwords and does it include a confirmation procedure to allow for input errors?	 
16	BOOL_P	Does your password management system force users to change their passwords at their first log-on?	 
17	BOOL_P	Does your password management system maintain a record of previously used passwords and does it prevent re-use?	 
18	BOOL_P	Does your password management system store password files separately from application system data?	 
19	BOOL_P	Does your password management system store and transmit passwords in protected form?	 
