id	type	text_en	options_en
1	BOOL_P	Do you use automated tools to inventory all administrative accounts, including domain and local accounts, to ensure that only authorized individuals have elevated privileges?	 
2	BOOL_P	Before deploying any new asset, do you change all default passwords to have values consistent with administrative level accounts?	 
3	BOOL_P	Have you ensured that all users with administrative account access use a dedicated or secondary account for elevated activities?	 
4	BOOL_P	Where multi-factor authentication is not supported (such as local administrator, root, or service accounts), do accounts use passwords that are unique to that system?	 
5	BOOL_P	Do you use multi-factor authentication and encrypted channels for all administrative account access?	 
6	BOOL_P	Have you ensured administrators use a dedicated machine (segmented from the organization’s primary network and not allowed Internet access) for all administrative tasks or tasks requiring administrative access?	 
7	BOOL_P	Do you limit access to scripting tools (such as Microsoft® PowerShell and Python) to only administrative or development users with the need to access those capabilities?	 
8	BOOL_P	Have you configured systems to issue a log entry and alert when an account is added to or removed from any group assigned administrative privileges?	 
9	BOOL_P	Have you configured systems to issue a log entry and alert on unsuccessful logins to an administrative account?	 
10	BOOL_P	Do you identify the privileged access rights associated with each system or process and the users to whom they need to be allocated?	 
11	BOOL_P	Do you ensure that the privileged access rights are allocated to users on a need-to-use basis and on an event-by-event basis in line with the access control policy?	 
12	BOOL_P	Do you identify the requirements for expiry of privileged access rights?	 
13	BOOL_P	Do you regularly review the competences of users with privileged access rights?	 
14	BOOL_P	Do you check privilege allocations at regular intervals to ensure that unauthorized privileges have not been obtained?	 
15	BOOL_P	Do you log changes to privileged accounts?	 
16	PERC20_N	Number of users with “super user” access level.	 
17	PERC20_N	Rate of privileged accounts / total accounts.	 
