id	type	text_en	options_en
1	BOOL_P	Do you have policies and procedures that address allowing authorized and limiting unauthorized physical access to electronic information systems and the facilities in which they are housed?	 
2	BOOL_P	Do your policies and procedures specify the methods used to protect buildings and premises against fire, voltage and flood?	 
3	BOOL_P	Do your policies and procedures specify the methods used to protect buildings and premises against break-ins and wiretapping?	 
4	BOOL_P	Do your policies and procedures specify the methods used to control physical access to your secure areas, such as door locks, access control systems, security officers, or video monitoring?	 
5	BOOL_P	Do your policies and procedures identify critical services (e.g. power supply, cooling, communication, etc.) and specify methods for supporting the underlying systems?	 
6	BOOL_P	Do you regularly maintain all hardware assets used in your facilities?	 
7	BOOL_P	Is access to your computing area controlled (single point, reception or security desk, sign-in/sign-out log, temporary/visitor badges)?	 
8	BOOL_P	Are visitors escorted into and out of controlled areas?	 
9	BOOL_P	Are your PCs inaccessible to unauthorized users (e.g. located away from public areas)?	 
10	BOOL_P	Is your computing area and equipment physically secured?	 
11	BOOL_P	Are there procedures in place to prevent computers from being left in a logged on state, however briefly?	 
12	BOOL_P	Are screens automatically locked after 10 minutes idle?	 
13	BOOL_P	Are modems set to Auto-Answer OFF (not to accept incoming calls)?	 
14	BOOL_P	Do you have procedures for protecting data during equipment repairs?	 
15	BOOL_P	Do you have policies covering laptop security (e.g. cable lock or secure storage)?	 
16	BOOL_P	Do you have an emergency evacuation plan and is it current?	 
17	BOOL_P	Do all employees have emergency shelter-in-place kits for emergencies where they can’t leave your facility? (canned food and a can opener, bottled water, a blanket, prescription medicines, sanitary wipes, a garbage bag with ties and toilet paper for personal sanitation)	 
18	BOOL_P	Does your plan identify areas and facilities that need to be sealed off immediately in case of an emergency?	 
19	BOOL_P	Are key personnel aware of which areas and facilities need to be sealed off and how?	 
20	BOOL_P	Can you remotely wipe computers, laptops, and mobile devices that are lost or stolen?	 
21	BOOL_P	Do you have security policies in place for all of your computers, laptops, tablets, and smartphones?	 
22	BOOL_P	Do you have a “Bring Your Own Device” policy in place for employee mobile devices?	 
23	BOOL_P	Do you ensure that doors and windows are locked when unattended?	 
24	BOOL_P	Do you have external protection for windows, especially for those on ground level?	 
25	BOOL_P	Do you ensure that unoccupied areas are alarmed at all times?	 
26	BOOL_P	Are processing facilities managed by the organization physically separated from those managed by external parties?	 
27	BOOL_P	Do your buildings give the minimum possible indication of their purpose?	 
28	BOOL_P	Are your facilities configured to prevent confidential information or activities from being visible or audible from the outside?	 
29	BOOL_P	Do you use electromagnetic shielding?	 
30	BOOL_P	Do you assure that directories and internal telephone books identifying locations of confidential information processing facilities are not readily accessible to anyone unauthorized?	 
31	BOOL_P	Do you prohibit the use of photographic, video, audio or other recording equipment in secure areas, unless properly authorized?	 
32	BOOL_P	Is your delivery and loading area designed in such a way as to be able to load and unload supplies without delivery personnel gaining access to other parts of the building?	 
33	BOOL_P	Do you examine and inspect incoming material for explosives, chemical or other hazardous materials, before it is moved from a delivery and loading area?	 
34	BOOL_P	Do you inspect incoming material for evidence of tampering?	 
35	BOOL_P	Do you physically segregate, where possible, incoming and outgoing shipments?	 
36	BOOL_P	Do you monitor relevant environmental conditions, such as humidity and temperature, which could adversely affect the operation of information processing facilities?	 
37	BOOL_P	Do you use special protection methods, such as keyboard membranes?	 
38	BOOL_P	Do you regularly inspect and test supporting utilities (e.g. electricity, telecommunications, water supply, ventilation, air conditioning, etc.)?	 
39	BOOL_P	Have you established a way to be provided with emergency lighting and communications if necessary?	 
40	BOOL_P	Do you have emergency switches and valves to cut off power, water, gas or other utilities located near emergency exits or equipment rooms?	 
41	BOOL_P	Are power and telecommunication lines that go into your information processing facilities underground?	 
42	BOOL_P	Are your power cables segregated from your communication cables?	 
43	BOOL_P	Have you installed armored conduit and locked rooms or boxes at inspection and termination points?	 
44	BOOL_P	Do you perform technical sweeps and physical inspections in order to detect unauthorized devices being attached to the cables?	 
