id	type	text_en	options_en
1	BOOL_P	Have you established secure coding practices appropriate to the programming language and development environment being used? 	 
2	BOOL_P	For in-house developed software, do you ensure that explicit error checking is performed and documented for all input, including for size, data type, and acceptable ranges or formats?	 
3	BOOL_P	Have you verified that the version of all software acquired from outside your organization is still supported by the developer or appropriately hardened based on developer security recommendations? 	 
4	BOOL_P	Do you only use up-to-date and trusted third-party components for the software developed by the organization? 	 
5	BOOL_P	Do you use only standardized, currently accepted, and extensively reviewed encryption algorithms?	 
6	BOOL_P	Have you ensured that all software development personnel receive training in writing secure code for their specific development environment and for their responsibilities?	 
7	BOOL_P	Do you apply static and dynamic analysis tools to verify that secure coding practices are being adhered to for internally developed software?	 
8	BOOL_P	Have you established a process to accept and address reports of software vulnerabilities, including providing a means for external entities to contact your security group? 	 
9	BOOL_P	Do you protect web applications by deploying web application firewalls (WAFs) that inspect all traffic flowing to the web application for common web application attacks?	 
10	BOOL_P	For applications that rely on a database, do you use standard hardening configuration templates?	 
11	BOOL_P	Do you perform regular or semi-regular vulnerability scans?	 
12	BOOL_P	Do you use procedures for the identification, authentication and authorization for utility programs?	 
13	BOOL_P	Are utility programs segregated from application software?	 
14	BOOL_P	Do you limit the use of utility programs to the minimum practical number of trusted, authorized users?	 
15	BOOL_P	Have you implemented authorization procedures for the ad hoc use of utility programs?	 
16	BOOL_P	Do you remove or disable unnecessary utility programs in a timely manner?	 
17	BOOL_P	Do you use program source libraries or similar controlled central storage for the storage of source code?	 
18	BOOL_P	Do you avoid holding program source libraries in operational systems? 	 
19	BOOL_P	Do you ensure that support personnel do not have unrestricted access to program source libraries? 	 
20	BOOL_P	Do you ensure that the updating of program source libraries and associated items and the issuing of program sources to programmers are only performed after appropriate authorization has been received?	 
21	BOOL_P	Are program listings held in a secure environment?	 
